What is a user story?


They are the conditions that a software product must meet to be accepted by a user, a customer, or other systems. 

 User stories aim at describing what exactly the user wants the system to do, the goal of acceptance criteria is to explain the conditions that a specific user story must satisfy.

 In software development and product management, a user story is an informal, natural language description of one or more features of a software system. User stories are often written from the perspective of an end user or user of a system 


Example 1

User story: As a user, I want to be able to recover the password to my account, so that I will be able to access my account in case I forgot the password.

Scenario: Forgot password

Given: The user navigates to the login page
When: The user selects <forgot password> option
And: Enters a valid email to receive a link for password recovery
Then: The system sends the link to the entered email
Given: The user receives the link via the email
When: The user navigates through the link received in the email
Then: The system enables the user to set a new password

Example 2

User story: As a user, I want to be able to request the cash from my account at an ATM so that I will be able to receive the money from my account quickly and in different places.

Scenario 1: Requesting the cash from a creditworthy account

Given: that the account is creditworthy
And: the card is valid
And: the dispenser contains cash
When: the customer requests the cash
Then: ensure the account is debited
And: ensure cash is dispensed

Example 3

User story: As a user, I want to use a search field to type a city, name, or street, so that I could find matching hotel options.

Basic search interface acceptance criteria

The search field is placed on the top bar
Search starts once the user clicks “Search”
The field contains a placeholder with a grey-colored text: “Where are you going?”
The placeholder disappears once the user starts typing
Search is performed if a user types in a city, hotel name, street, or all combined
Search is in English, French, German, and Ukrainian
The user can’t type more than 200 symbols
The search doesn’t support special symbols (characters). If the user has typed a special symbol, show the warning message: “Search input cannot contain  special symbols.
